As usual, I'm Shio Oyakama.
My husband's 6th-century-old play.
It's quite big.
Mr. Kokoro, Mr. Kichibu.
This year, the play is called Soga-O-Hito.
It was also called Soga last year.
Last year, I watched it from the opposite side to the side.
Next time, I'll rewrite the back and make a new one.
It's quite big.
I'm looking forward to seeing it.
I'll read it again as soon as possible.
Excuse me.
Mr. Kichibu is in the play.
I'm here.
I'm from Komamonaya.
I'm your letter.
Mr. Kokoro, Mr. Tsukimaku.
Please come here.
Who is the director of the play, Komamonaya?
Mr. Kichibu.
Why are you here?
Your aunt is coming from Ambei Gare.
You've been practicing for 5 or 6 days.
You know that, don't you?
You said you were bad at acting.
I didn't forget anything.
I was so busy at that time.
I forgot everything.
I didn't say anything.
No one said anything.
Mr. Kichibu, you only have one night left.
What should I do?
I'll rent one of the shops and go to work.
I'll do that.
Mr. Kichibu, I don't know.
The play is not good enough.
I can't open the curtain.
I'm not good enough.
I don't know what to do.
There is nothing I can do because of the store.
But please ask Gonsuke from Meshutake.
He's a little bit old.
Sometimes I open the curtain and say,
I'm not good enough.
I'm saying,
He may be good at acting.
I don't care about anything.
Hey, hey, Gonsuke.
You're a rapper.
Come here.
Brother, sister, sister, sister, sister.
I'm going to ask you to do it.
There's aatsuki Gonsuke.
What are you doing?
Don't listen to what Gonsuke is saying.
Is there an act in your village?
Don't listen to her.
Let her listen.
Even if my village is a village 50.
No matter in play or Communist,
No matter in protest.
Were you better than me?
I'm thesnake on my strength.
My only route is from my hometown.
There is also an anecdote.
Well...